Add `-help-json` flag for machine-readable CLI help (#7198)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/cli.md

`-h`
: Print available commands and options.

`-help-json`
: :::{versionadded} 26.06.0-edge
  :::
: Print the help and options as JSON, for consumption by tools and LLMs (see {ref}`cli-machine-readable-help`).

> : Works as a top-level option (`nextflow -help-json`) and on any command (e.g. `nextflow run -help-json`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Print the help and options as JSON, for consumption by tools and LLMs (see {ref}`cli-machine-readable-help`).
: Works as a top-level option (`nextflow -help-json`) and on any command. For example, `nextflow run -help-json`.
```
